The data show a slightly normal distribution throughout, which most distributions centered around a rate of 55-65.
Ind_Team and Ind show more similar distributions, whereas Team shows a slightly more flattened distribution.

Collection Rate v. Target by Strategy Plot:
It is interesting that the Go Alone strategy seems to give a lower collection rate than Go Together, in general. The exception
to this is the similarity between Ind/Alone and Team/Together strategies, which seem to have the lowest collection rates of
all strategies (and are nearly identical in rate).

Collection Rate v. SessionOrder by Target:
This graph is interesting because of the large decrease in colletion rate in Ind_Team targets between session orders 3 and 4.
The other two (Ind & Team) Targets also show decreases in rates b/t sessions 3 & 4, but not as drastic as Ind_Team does.
Additionally, Ind_Team decreases in Collection Rate an almost identical rate as the other two Targets b/t sessions 2 & 3; however,
the other two Targets start out with lower collection rates to begin with, with all of them ending near 45-50.
(I believe the x-axis on this graph is meant to read "SessionOrder.")

Collection Rate v. Target by Strategy & Session Order Plot:
This plot matches most plot trends that I've seen so far in this code; however one thing that stands out is the increase
in collection rate from Ind to Team at the 4th Session Order when looking at the Go Alone strategy.  Most other plots have shown
a general decrease in collection rate between Ind & Team target levels, whereas this one shows an increase in rate. I would
be interested in exploring this further to see what is creating that rise in rate b/t the two target levels. (Especially since 
this rise was not shown well in the plot that had onlly Rate v. Target level grouped by strategy)

In general, the Individual condition seems to show a lower (better) collection rate, with Ind_Team usually landing in the middle and 
the Ind Condition showing the highest (worst) collection rates.